As we approach the lecture date I wanted to touch base again.
Will let you know about dates and times later this morning.
I am at all surprised given the political climate.
H student is working on until the end of this summer.
Gabe about your work for WAMM.
Good morning Dr.
Sorry for the late respond is due to Internet problem.
Your organization has been nominated to receive donations through the Amgen Foundation Matching Gifts Program.
Koinadougou chili cookoff!
Sorry for all of the emails.
I wanted to connect you two.
Sailing has been good.
Good morning everyone!
Our board meeting was pushed back to this Sunday.
Thanks so much gabriel.
You are the man!
Freetown to have zero Ebola infections.
Let me know if you have a preference!
I would definitely be open to doing that.
I hope you have a wonderful time with your family!
Thanks again for all your help in getting these funds to Mfangano!
I will be living in for longer than a year.
V program to several students at Tulane.
Do you have a list of potential grant sources we could choose from?
Brandon was the natural fit to assist our loyal local customers.
This is so solid.
Looping in more of the team for extra guidance.
We met several weeks ago via phone with Gabe about your work for WAMM.
Sorry for missing this.
I attached the poster and abstract to begin getting our materials in place.
Would appreciate it.
Please let me know if there is anything that needs to change or be added.
This donation was made.
Annual Meeting Minutes.
I noticed you are using money gram for your wire transfer.
Time is not on our side neither in our Favour.
Feel free to contact us in case the need arises.
I would really appreciate all the feedback you have.
Thanks for putting this all together Andy.
Hope you are having a fantastic weekend!
Thursday and Friday and next week.
Looking forward to your reply!
In solidarity we can achieve a lot!
How do you see it?
I say ooosh.
How or where should i deliver it?
I will let you know as soon as we set a date!
Let me know if I can help in any way.
Monday and Tuesday are both also good days.
Send her the proposal and we will discuss it over.
Sent from my phone.
Please read the edited letter and the address.
Here are my flight details and I will share the AirBnB info when I get it.
In regards to the proposal I found it to be well written!
I look forward to seeing everyone soon!
My deepest apologies for this delay.
Last week was insane.
Thank you again.
Not sure if this changes anything from your end.
I am sure that is fine.
It was great speaking with you too!
Thanks for getting this together!
Thank you both for your kind words.
Is funding request intended to stand alone at this time?
What are your thoughts on what I mentioned above?
Dictated but not read.
Andrew says hi from Atlanta!
Thanks again for your help in getting these funds to Mfangank academy.
It was nice chatting with you this morning.
I connect you with him.
Will definitely be there!
Thanks for taking this on!
Did you make it into PA school?
Whatever you think will be easiest for the group.
I want to hear how the WAMM board meeting went.
Thank you and nice meeting you as well!
As you may see Gabriel for back to me.
Looking forward to hearing from you guys.
Sounds excellent buddy!
Thanks for getting back to me so quickly.
Thank you for adding a Development Officer to the Team.
Move to Kenema changes nothing but the HQ address and impact.
Family Day weekend.
I was able to get all the info updated and submitted.
Ysp fund is included in the first quarter budget.
Hope you doing well.
I would check in.
I look forward to hearing back from you.
Medical Missions Project Development and Funding Toolkit.
Here is the information that I mentioned in the email from Brandon.
Thank you for reaching out Gabriel.
He said you FaceTimed?
You should have just received an email with the receipt.
Thanks for the words of affirmation.
Thank you Gabe!
Let me know if you have any questions.
This is awesome!
Thanks for putting this together.
